The more you post, the more you grow. On
Instagram, there is a statistically
significant correlation between posting
frequency and growth rate. The more
times you post per year, per month, per
week, and per day to your Instagram
feed, the more followers you will gain
on average. I firmly believe that I have
the number of followers that I do on
Instagram. Not because I'm some creative
genius or I make amazing content, but
simply because since April 1st of 2021,
I have not missed a day of posting. And
actually, since then, I've been
increasing or accelerating my frequency
on Instagram from one post a day back in
2021 to now upwards of five posts per
day. According to Adam Orier, the head
of Instagram himself, the more you post,
the more you grow. And I personally
accidentally did an experiment in 2025
that reaffirmed this belief. For the
first 6 months of 2025, I posted two
times per day to my Instagram feed,
which was my pretty normal schedule. And
during those first six months, I gained
20,000 followers. In the second six
months of 2025, I posted four and a half
times per day to my feed. And I gained
65,000
followers. That means in the second half
of 2025, I gained more than three times
the amount of followers I did in the
first half of 2025 for only about double
the number of daily posts. And arguably,
I had more things in my favor that
should have led to more growth in the
first half of 2025. If you'll remember,
that's when I interviewed Adam Moseri,
the head of Instagram. That's when I did
multiple collaboration posts with the
creators account and Instagram for
business account, which are major pages
that have millions upon millions of
followers. And yet, even though the odds
were stacked in my favor for the first 6
months of the year, I grew more in the
second 6 months of the year. And the
only thing that really changed was that
I started posting more. I also want to
tell you about the now infamous Instant
Bollywood Instagram account, which has
been absolutely blowing up by posting,
"Get this. Get ready to grab your jaw
off the floor 100 times per day. They're
gaining millions of followers per month.
And they recently went viral themselves
after having a conversation with Mr.
Beast.
>> How the hell did you guys get 30 million
followers?
>> How do you post? You post a 100 times a
day.
>> Yes, that's what I told you.
>> How do you do that? Like
>> theme?
>> We have a big hyperarazzi content, you
know, being created here every day. But
I
>> like I would be terrified to post that
much.
>> Me too, Mr. Beast. And I'm sure everyone
else watching and listening today would
also feel terrified to post 100 times
per day. But as they said, they have a
massive team. If you had 20 plus content
creators at your disposal working for
you full-time, it wouldn't be that hard
to post 100 times a day. But most of us
don't have 20 plus people on our content
team who are just dedicated to making
posts on Instagram. And that's not what
I'm here to tell you you have to do. In
fact, today I'm interviewing a business
owner who also happens to be a good
friend of mine who is posting 12 times
per day. And not to spoil anything, he's
actually scaling up and increasing that
number. And he's doing it without help.
He's not even having anyone edit his
content, make his graphics. He's doing
pretty much the entire thing himself.
Yes, he's using a little bit of AI, a
little bit of chat GPT, but for the most
part, it's all him. And he's doing this,
like I said, as a full-time business
owner and someone who is a husband and
someone who is a good friend and someone
who's just a good overall well-rounded
person who's not just a crazy psychopath
who creates reels all day. And so today,
I'm so excited to share with you my
interview with Jamie Brindle where we
talk through how has he been able to
scale from three posts a day to 12 posts
a day. And these 12 posts are mostly
unique posts. It's not like he's just
recycling the exact same 12 posts over
and over again, but he is recycling
something. And it will be pretty
interesting for you to learn more about
that. But most importantly, in this
interview, I will get an answer to the
question, how how the hell as a one-man
show, as a one-man band, as a
soloreneur, more or less, is Jamie able
to post 12 times a day, once every two
hours? What tools is he using? What's
his organization system look like? what
is his process for creating the content
and coming up with the ideas. And we
will also talk through the results,
which to spoil that a little bit, he has
grown thousands of followers in the last
90 days. And pretty much every single
metric, whether we're talking views,
engagement, or actual leads for his
business has gone up. I also ask him
every question that I'm sure is burning
in your head right now, like what about
Instagram stories? How much are you
promoting your own business? How much
time are you putting between each post?
How are you writing the captions? How
are you coming up with so many ideas?
And is this annoying your followers?
Like, have a lot of people been
unfollowing you and complaining about
how much you're posting? All of that is
about to be answered. So, without
further ado, let's get into our
interview. Are you ready to take your
business's marketing to the next level?
Meet Brevo, the all-in-one marketing and
CRM platform that's designed to help you
connect with customers, boost
engagement, and grow your business
smarter. With Brevo, you can manage all
of your customer interactions in one
place. Nurture leads with their built-in
CRM. Reach your audience through email
and SMS. And keep them coming back with
powerful automations. But here's where
it gets really exciting. Meet Aura,
Brevo's AI assistant. Aura helps you
craft smarter campaigns by suggesting
personalized content, optimizing send
times, and even analyzing performance
data to improve your strategy in real
time. It's like having a marketing
expert on your team who works 24/7. And
of course, Brevo also offers advanced
analytics, seamless integrations, and
AIdriven personalization. Everything
that you need to create multi-channel
campaigns that hit the mark every single
time. Get started for free today or use
code tribe50 to save 50% off their
starter and standard plans for the first
3 months of the annual subscription.
Just head to www.brevo.com/tribe
and take your marketing further with
Brevo and Aura. Hello, Jamie. Welcome to
the podcast.
Happy to be here, dude. So excited to
have you. Let's hop right into things.
How much are you posting on your feed
every single day on Instagram right now?
>> Right now we are posting 12 times a day.
Um plus plus or minus because we are
still we're experimenting with some new
formats. Uh so sometimes that number is
a little bit higher. Um but but it's
been a fascinating 3 months. We started
we started this experiment 3 months ago.
So, we're like at like literally like to
today, yesterday, tomorrow, somewhere
around now, we're at the 90-day mark.
So, it's we're we're at the stage where
we can kind of start taking a look at
what the numbers are telling us about
this effort. Yeah. Which kind of leads
me into my next question. I want to hear
more about the numbers because 360ish
posts a month. There's I would say 90%
plus of the listeners of this podcast
won't post 360 times this year, but
you're posting that much every single
month. So, like what what have the
results been now after 90 days?
>> Yeah, it was funny. I was joking with my
wife Courtney uh that, you know, we're
at the stage now where if we wanted to
just not post anything for the rest of
the year, we've got to we could post
three times a day, every day for the
rest of the year off the assets that
we've built. Uh but yeah, no like it's
it's been an interesting um experience
because I had been conditioned I've been
for a little context for the people
watching. I've been on you know posting
on Instagram for a couple for four or
five years now. So it's like I'm
conditioned to a certain experience a
certain expectation for comments and
things like that and from from our uh
from our content efforts leading up to
this point. Uh so initially when we
started the interesting part for me was
everything seemed to drop like the ex
the so the experience of doing it of the
per being the person posting I was like
oh boy like I mean I committed to this
experiment I want to see how it works
you know but like engagement per post
went down views per post went down like
so it it was a little harrowing there at
the start um but now that we're at this
you know but but I you kind of trusted
that in the aggregate and and after a
few weeks you could kind of see that it
was working. But I wrote down some some
figures here because we've we kind of
hit our 90 our 90-day benchmark. Uh our
our the reach of our account in 90 days
uh increased 30% over the previous 90
days. Our profile visits are up 30%. Our
external link taps are up 75%.
Uh our new messages are up 77%. Our
returning messages are up 32%. Uh we've
had 32,000 comments, 80,000 shares, half
a million likes. Um so everything's
going trending up. Um and then the last
piece here is which is I I'm interested
in your thoughts on what your takeaway
from this is. New followers. So all
those numbers, new followers, new
followers is only up uh 9%. Right. So,
you're expecting because everything was
kind of trending about the same the same
amount, but new followers went up nine.
Um, which is still, you know, positive.
It's still 9% more than what we did the
previous 90 days. Um, but across the
board, there was not a single metric
that dipped. Um, you know, and every,
you know, the the needle was moving in
the right direction for pretty much
every everything that that we care
about, right? and engagement on the
reels held. Uh because you know on an
individual basis we we know how to hold
attention and and it's you know our our
or not engagement uh retention on the
reels held. Uh but yeah like across the
board we we saw a pretty good result
here.
>> Gotcha. Just for clarity so new
followers 9% more growth than the
previous 90 days. Not just like 9%
period.
>> Right. Exactly. So 9% in in comparison
to the previous 90 days. Do you know
what your growth percentage was? Your
growth rate in the previous 90 days? Cuz
I think that would be interesting.
>> I probably should have had that number
written down somewhere before this chat.
>> That's okay. We can like look that up
afterwards and put it on the screen. I'd
be interested because, you know, if you
went from, and I know this isn't the
case, but if you went from 1% growth to
10% growth, so you had 9% more, that
would be lower than expected, but my my
hypothesis is that your growth rate was
already pretty high. like it was already
20% plus maybe in a 90-day window and so
adding 9% on top of that is a is a
pretty big jump. Um but that's yeah
>> it's interesting to know that like
everything eventually went up and it
makes sense like the reach on your
account was up 30% profile visits up 30%
links new messages all of that. Um,
getting into the the weeds a little bit
here. You said that, you know, early on
you noticed a drop and you said you were
conditioned to like a certain amount of,
you know, engagement, likes, comments,
etc. And I think that's one of the
biggest reasons that people struggle
besides the, you know, keeping up with
the consistency and ideas, whatever. if
they can keep up with all that and they
can scale up their posting, they notice
what you noticed, which is like, okay,
everything's kind of going down on a
individual post basis. Um, so question
number one is did that ever kind of come
back up or was it like, hey, for the
last 90 days, our average engagement,
likes, views per post has remained
steady and it has been lower than in the
past.
>> So there were outliers, right? And I
think this is what the the the again in
the aggregate what the benefit is is it
was more at bats. It was more raffle
tickets in the hat. And so you know in
an average 90-day period we would we
would see
you know like conservatively like three
or four outliers like grand slam posts
you know. Um and you know we now have
10 15 of them you know that that did
really well. So uh and and all of those
you better believe are already scheduled
to repost every 3 months for the next
two years, you know. So it's it's uh uh
so it's the you know we're collecting
that data um you know at a much more
substantial rate which which has been
which has been great. Makes sense. Makes
sense. So is it fair to say the average
post excluding the outliers is getting
less engagement in this 90-day window
than in the past? But because you said
there are more at bats, there are far
more outliers for far more home runs to
stick with baseball analogy than in the
past.
>> Exactly. Yeah. Yeah. So, yeah, the ones
that aren't outliers, uh, we've just
kind of had to become accustomed to a
new a new baseline for for what
engagement and reach and views are.
Makes
>> sense. Um, but again at the end of like
it's helpful to, you know, if if I'm
ever feeling like uh gosh, like where,
you know, gone to the houseion days of,
you know, 200,000 views on every reel.
Uh, if I'm ever feeling like that at the
end of the day, I'll pull up the day's
posts and I'll have my calculator out
and I'll just tally it up and go, see,
it's okay. You you still hit your
200,000, you know?
>> Gotcha. So like the rationale and I very
much agree like this is very much how I
rationalize things as well because I'll
scroll back to like my Instagram in 2021
when you know there was low supply high
demand no one was really posting at that
time and I was like gosh I was getting
400 500k views on every like you know
what what was I doing why was I not
taking more advantage of this but um so
is the way you think about it now is
like
>> okay everyone is struggling to get views
so rather than sticking with the
struggle I'm just going to increase my
output and then if you total up the
views per output, the views per post,
I'm actually going to be getting a lot
more total views day by day, month by
month.
>> Exactly. And fundamentally, uh Courtney
and I started
on social media to help people. Like
we've got our agency, we're good. Like
that's what So it was like we we started
to help. It was it was circuit co when
everybody was losing their jobs and like
we wanted to tell people like yo it
might not feel like it but something
wonderful just happened like just do
this this and this and you're going to
be fine. You're going to you're going to
make more money than you ever did at
your at your 9 to5. Um and so and you
know since then we shut down our agency
because this business is doing so well.
But that but that has remained like
that's our our mission has remained.
It's to help as many people as possible,
right? And so this reinforces that
mission too where it's like I have more
chances to reach people where they are
at the right moment like that you know
in the right way in the right like in
the right space to get them to take
action on something you know meaningful
in their lives. So, um, yeah, I mean
it's, so it it yes, it has to do with
I'm, you know, like inside baseball, you
know, folks in in the industry like, you
know, views are down and you're kind of
interest, you know, uh, playing the
metrics a little bit and and running
tests for your business, but like also
bigger picture is like you're reaching
more people, you know, it's it's it's a
chance to maybe, you know, maybe this
post if if I had only posted once today,
this guy would have never seen anything
from from us, you know, because it's
just, you know, the algorithm does its
thing. So, so that's been super like
gratifying as well.
>> For sure. And I love the the
intentionality behind it, right? It's
not just like, well, let's try this
experiment just because. And so, I'm I'm
uh I really applaud the the fact that
you're doing this as a way to, hey, I'm
going to reach more people and then thus
help more people. John Hugh, who I know
you know, CEO of Stan, uh, made a really
good analogy recently on one of his own
Instagram reels where he was like, "Hey,
no matter who you are, at best you're
maybe going to have one out of every 10
posts outperform the rest." Like, one
out of every 10 will kind of be an
outlier. And he said, if you're posting
once a day, like most people are, then
that means you're having one outlier
every two weeks. But for you, who's
posting 12 times a day, you're, you
know, arguably going to have one outlier
every single day. And so that's um
that's a really interesting reframe. I'm
curious, were there any other motivating
factors behind this experiment? Because
like this is a big uh bite to to take
off, right? Like this is a huge
endeavor. This isn't going to five or
six posts a day. This is 12 posts, one
every two hours. Um so was it purely
want to help more people and reach more
people or was there like a business
motivation behind it? I'm curious the
the initial idea.
Um, yeah. I mean, selfishly, uh, I just
like doing challenging things. That's
like a hobby of mine. So, it's like I
like I like like pointing in a direction
and walking there like and just chopping
down what's whatever is in front of me.
Uh, so so that checked that box for me.
Um, and then also, you know, in our
business, uh, Courtney and I have had a
couple conversations on this where it's
like we're kind of just in like rip the
band-aid, rip the band-aid stage of our
business where we just kind of have to
like punch through a wall. Um, and and
this is part of that action where it's
like we just, you know, we need to uh we
we need more top of funnel. We need, you
know, uh more more energy on our brand.
we need more attention. Uh, and so this
was kind of a, you know, we could do
this, this, this, and that, or we could
post 12 times a day.
>> Yeah, makes sense. Makes sense. Um, and
I should have asked this earlier. How
much were you posting uh like in the
previous 90-day window?
>> Previously, it was three times a day.
Okay.
>> Um, so you've 4xed your output.
>> Indeed. Yes, you have. Yeah. And that I
mean it's it's interesting you know it
basically
not the the mechanics involved in
posting 12 times a day are not that
different than the mechanics involved in
posting three times a day. So it wasn't
you know like a huge learning curve to
uh you know I I guess a lot of the a lot
of the foundation had already been laid.
>> Back in 2016 when I started my first
real online business I remember that my
head was filled with so many whatifs.
What if no one buys this? What if I'm an
impostor? What if there's no market?
What if I can't sell? What if? What if?
What if? What if this is all just a big
waste of time and I'm just banging my
head against the wall? But what I wish
someone told me back then is just like
you can imagine all the negative
whatifs, there are just as many, if not
more, positive whatifs. What if this
works out? What if this is my
breakthrough? What if this is what sets
me financially free? And thanks to one
of today's sponsors, Shopify,
it's easier than ever to turn those
positive what-ifs into reality. Shopify
is the e-commerce platform behind
millions of businesses around the world.
And it now represents about 10% of the
entire e-commerce market in the US. From
some of the most famous and well-known
brands in the world like Gym Shark to
solopreneurs, Shopify has you covered.
Shopify helps you get the word out about
your e-commerce business as if you had
an entire marketing team behind you. It
easily helps you create email and social
campaigns so that you can attract
customers wherever they're scrolling.
And if you ever get stuck, Shopify has
247 roundthe-clock awardwinning customer
support. That way you can tackle the
important tasks from inventory to
payments to analytics all in one place.
No need to bookmark multiple websites
and sign up for multiple tools. You can
do it all in Shopify. It makes your life
easier and it makes your business
operations run smoother. It's time to
turn those whatifs into with Shopify
today. Sign up for your $1 per month
trial at shopify.com/tribe.
Go to shopify.com/tribe.
That's sh o p i f.com
r ibe. Gotcha. And that's, you know,
exactly what I wanted to talk about
next, which is probably the question
that most people who clicked on this
episode have been asking themselves,
which is like, how the f has Jamie done
this? How have you achieved 12 posts a
day if you were previously at three or
four posts a day and like you still want
to be a great husband, you still want to
have a social life, you still want to be
a normal human being, you still have a
real business to run. So, how like let's
talk through all the different things
that you've done to achieve 12 posts
today.
>> Yeah. Okay. I um I I wanted to do
everything myself before I bothered with
other you know bring bringing other
people in um because I I wanted to
understand what was required of this
effort. So, up to the recording of this
podcast, this is an entirely singular
effort. You know, this is this is just
this is just me. Um,
>> no editors, no nothing.
>> Nothing. Wow.
>> So, I that being said, I am an editor by
trade, you know. It's like I came up I'm
in LA. I came up in the video production
world. Uh, so it's very easy for me to
cut something together, you know,
pretty, in fact, I'll probably I I could
probably edit 10 videos that I scripted
and shot, you know, way faster than some
anybody else because I as I'm shooting
it, I'm editing it, you know, like as
I'm scripting it, I'm editing it. So, it
kind of collapses that that um that t
the time required on on those pieces of
content. But uh you know for me uh it
definitely involves a lot of
organization
um and you know the the kind of
economies of scale uh but how do I want
to approach this? So basically what I
did was I I sat down and I listed out
content formats that I wanted to test.
And these content formats are you know
they're kind of getting swapped out as
their clear winners and losers, right?
Okay.
>> Let's I won't even pause you right
there. What do you mean by content
formats?
>> Right. So, so content formats for me are
uh I don't know what the Brock Johnson
terminology for this would be, but for
for me internally, content formats are
like uh like series, right? So, it's
like I have a new pro where the new a
new freelancer is talking to a a pro
freelancer or I have uh there are two
single image formats that we have. We
have a tweet post style and we have a
quote post style where it's a picture of
me, you know. Uh there are two carousels
that we're currently posting. We have a
client conversations format where it's
text message thread between a client and
the freelancer and then there's a notes
app format where it's just kind of a
journaling Jamie's talking to you in via
notes app, right? There's uh you know uh
clips of our master classes where
there's a master class that we post on
YouTube that gets clipped out into those
are usually good for about 62 clips.
>> Okay.
>> Got it. Totally. And that's the same
that's the same phrase that I use is I
call it repeatable formats but it's
content formats
>> just that can be kind of
>> almost like templatized if you will
right where it's like
>> exactly
>> each each tweet screenshot to use that
as an example is going to be a different
tweet but it's still a screenshot of a
tweet or a screenshot of the notes app
or a clip from a master class. Okay,
that that makes sense. So you started by
making a list of all of the different
content formats that you either had done
in the past or wanted to test in the in
the future.
Exactly. Yeah. And then I and then I I
essentially and I recruited Chad GBT for
to to help me here. Uh but I
essentially, you know, spent couple
hours a day for we'll call it two maybe
three days um scripting 31 posts for
each format, right? So it was a
scripting endeavor first. So that's the
first, you know, and and as I said, like
we've got a business to run over here.
We're doing other things. So it's like I
this can't be my full day. So what I
would bring you know uh chat GPT has
been trained on our our GPT has been
trained on thousands of pieces of
content. All of my you know all my
writings all my newsletters everything.
Um if you if somebody watching this
doesn't have thousands of pieces of
content. Here's what we've been doing
because we we now advise B2B enterprise
clients on growing their LinkedIn. And
we have chat we have well I uh interview
them for an hour but we have chatbt
write these questions. I'm like, "Here's
what we're trying to get done. What are
the questions? What do you need to know
about this person to do this?" You know,
and then and then we go interview that
client for an hour and 90 minutes and
then take that transcript and and start
their language model. Anybody could do
that, right? It doesn't. So, you just
have chat tells PT what you're trying to
get done or whatever language model you
want to use um and have it interview
you. Um but so that's so it's scripting
first, right? And when you say
scripting, I'm I really I love slowing
things down. I'm trying to take on the
role of like the the very beginner when
you say scripting and and and this is I
think something that will be a little
bit of personal preference but do you
want when you have a script word forword
scripting do you work best with outline
scripting bullet points like what what
works for you
>> particularly for an effort like this I
don't want to put any thought into the
words coming out of my mouth on the day
of production so it's going to be word
for word scripting uh because when it
comes time to shoot. It's go go go go,
right? It's like set the camera up, read
the words, read the camera, read the
words, read the camera, set the camera
up over here, read the words, read the
camera, back to work, you know? So, uh,
cuz, you know, on the day I might be
exhausted and I just might not be firing
on all cylinders and whatever comes out
of my mouth might not be that well
thought out, you know, so I'd rather
have that work done preemptively. Um, so
yes, fully scripted. Uh there's a couple
formats we have which are it's it's
clips of me during coaching calls or
during you know uh panels and things and
that's unscripted but uh so scripting
first and then we go into production
mode and my personal preference is I
want to do the hardest stuff first
because you know if I'm ever down to the
wire if there's if there's work left
over I want it to be the easy work you
So, I pick the hardest to produce
content first, uh, and and knock that
out and I work my way down the ladder to
the easiest to produce content. Uh, and
you know, so usually that's
I sit down for an hour and I and I shoot
out every every reel that needs to be
shot, you know, um, or you know, I'll
I'll, uh, you know, producing the
carousels in in Photoshop, uh, or, you
know, going to going into the studio to
shoot a master class. Those stuff's
those are those are big chunks of time.
Um, and then like a tweet a tweet post.
Yeah,
>> that that's that's all the way at the
end of the line, you know, uh because I
can make 31 of those, you know, in in 30
minutes.
>> Yeah, totally. I do find that
interesting, you know, and again, it's a
personal preference thing. I'm the exact
opposite. I'm I love to like bang out
the easy stuff first. I won't do all of
the easy stuff, but I'll bang out, you
know, if I have, let's say, an hour
block to record reels, I'll spend the
first maybe 40 minutes doing the quick
hitters, the stuff that I'm like, "Okay,
I know I can do this trend. I know I can
do this." like I'll just bang out those
quick ones because for me and again it's
totally personal preference. I think for
anyone listening there's no right or
wrong. I enjoy the satisfaction of being
like hey in this hour I I might not have
done like the best possible stuff. I
might not have recorded a podcast or a
master class but in this hour I did like
12 trending reels that were pretty
quick. And so that's that's what works
for me. But it's it's interesting that
that's different for you.
>> It's kindling it's kindling for the
fire. Yeah. But I will say get that fire
going. Whether it's me or you, what
we're both saying here that I want
people to take away is that content
recording time is content recording
time. Like it's, as you said, like bang
bang bang. We're banging it out. We're
hopping from video to video to video. I
think a mistake a lot of people make is
they
>> stop after each video and they try to
see it to completion, right? So, they
film their reel and they immediately go
into editing, refining, script, like
over over planning, overediting, and
they're writing a caption. Like, they're
doing all that at once. But it sounds
like that's not what you do.
>> No, no, no. I I you know, when I first
started uh on Instagram, I it was a
daily effort. I would literally script,
shoot, edit, and post whatever that
day's reel was.
>> And that's how most people are still
progressing. Like I would say 93% of our
listeners are still on that hamster
wheel.
>> Yep. Yep. It's uh but you know, it is
the uh you know, the water's warm on the
other side for sure. as the the grass is
greener, it does I I would say, you
know, move yourself over to kind of the
batch the batch lifestyle as as soon as
possible.
>> So, you batch your recording as much as
possible. Um, how many times a week are
you setting aside time and how long is
each recording session?
>> Uh, that's an interesting question. It's
it's a little it's not like officially
on the calendar. Uh, so it kind of
makes, you know, where where I can fit
it in. Um, but you know, I the
I guess the takeaway is that this
shouldn't take that long. Like I if
you're f and that was probably one of
the first things was uh cuz before this
effort my
conversation format where the new is
talking to the pro that would usually go
like it would be
new freelancer poses a question pro
answers it but but that opens up a
bigger curiosity gap. newbie exposes the
bigger curiosity gap. Pro answers that
one and then it loops. So it's two
exchanges, right? Uh and quickly after
about two weeks of this, that became one
exchange because it's like I'm not
shooting, you know? So because
essentially if you're shooting 31 of
these, right, uh it's whatever 31* 4 is
is how many times each one of these
people talks, right? And so I cut that
in half.
>> Gotcha. Uh and and that made life a lot
easier. And wouldn't you know it, it
made retention a lot better because
suddenly these videos just get the get
to the point, right? And and and you
know, if if I felt like something needed
a little further explanation,
exploration that became another post
that's just another reel, you know? Uh
so it it wasn't it wasn't an issue and
it just it so it's like you start
finding yourself identifying those where
it's like, okay, how do I optimize this?
how do I optimize it? And they're not
like it's not like you know huge sit
down have a meeting about it. It's like
just like in the middle of shooting one
day I was like delete delete delete and
then from then on I just included that
in the chat GPT prompt is like we're
only doing one exchange. Makes sense.
Going back to this organization piece
because I think that's another thing
that's so going to be so huge especially
if you're doing 360 posts a month. Um
like software wise what are you doing to
organize? Do you have a cloud storage
system? Which one are you using? Do you
use Google Sheets, Notion? Like, how are
you on the back end? Okay. Hey, I just
got done filming an hour. I have 70
clips that I have filmed. Then what?
>> Yeah. So, the the footage um and this
might just be for because of my editing
background, but the footage all exists
locally. Like I I don't like there's but
also there's no reason for the footage
to go to Google Drive if I'm the one
editing it, you know? So it's like why
it's like I'll upload it to Google Drive
and then redownload it to edit it. No.
Uh so I the footage is all stored on a
hard drive for me. Um and but the
scripts and the uh um exports all live
online, right? So the scripts are all on
Google Drive. So each month gets a
folder and within that folder is all of
the folders for each content format,
right? And then within each of those
folders are the scripts or the are the
necessary scripts and if screenshots are
required for a particular format, those
go in there too. So that's kind of our
where our assets lives on Google Drive.
And then um exports we've we've all got
up on uh uh Loomley, right? So that's
where where we schedule everything. Um,
and interestingly enough, that's been
the biggest time suck of the whole thing
is scheduling it all out. Uh, just
because it's I I it's just a a number of
things have to go into scheduling one
post. Uh, so you know, that's probably
first on the chopping block when it
comes time to start hiring people for
this for this for me is to just put
someone in charge of distribution
because I mean there I'll I'll spend an
entire day scheduling 12 posts a day,
you know, copy the caption, paste the
caption in, pick what apps it's going to
go, upload the footage, wait for the
footage to upload, wait, wait, wait,
wait, wait, okay, it's up, hit schedule,
go to the next day, do it like, you
know, and you do that times 400 to get
the week scheduled, you know, or to get
the month scheduled, like Um, so yeah,
but it's uh but that's that's the
process.
>> Gotcha. Okay, that I think that makes
sense. And that's very similar to what
my process is. Slightly different tools,
but very very similar. And so for anyone
listening, uh this isn't the biggest
sample size, but sample size of two two
people who post a lot on Instagram um
are in agreement on that. Um gotcha.
Okay. So posting that much 12 times a
day. I noticed uh you posted a
screenshot on your Instagram stories
recently and I saw that each post was
pretty much exactly 2 hours apart. It
was like 11:02 a.m. 10:02 p.m. 3:02 p.m.
How did you choose that frequency? Was
there any like testing there? Um I'm
curious like what went into choosing
those times?
>> Uh not a ton of strategy in there. It's
just, you know, every every two hours.
Um, and I I don't know if there's any
credence to this, but I've always posted
at random random integers, not at like
exactly 2:00, uh, cuz I just feel like
everybody schedules it for 2:00 and you
know. Yeah. So, uh, so I I try to make
it a little bit a little bit of a unique
posting time. Um, but I think, uh, yeah,
I mean, it's it's going to be
interesting. We we plan to add more
formats starting this month. Um, so you
know, and and we've just brought in a
friend of mine who's a who's a
screenwriter out here to help kind of
explore some more entertaining narrative
formats. Um, so, you know, that that 12
is going to become 15 16 this month. Um,
and I just I just I want to see I want
to see how far this goes. You know, I
mean, I'll keep I'll I'll keep at it
until it starts telling me to stop. Um,
but I, you know, I I think that as long
as, you know, we're happy with the
content and as long as it's it's helping
people and it's we're not just
contributing to the noise of social
media and just like throwing junk
against the wall. Um, you know, there's
no reason to not to not contribute. Uh,
also probably
maybe even more importantly, definitely
even more importantly is the business
metrics, right? the the newsletter
signups, the the people joining our
program, the people joining our paid
newsletter, like all those metrics have
gotten the same love that the metrics we
started this episode with got. Uh so, so
that's been, you know, it's been
motivating as well.
>> Totally. Yeah. Do you have any specific
percentages or numbers that you can
share there? Because, you know, at the
end of the day, I'm here and I know
you're here to help business owners. So,
like it's cool, you know, get more
followers, more views, whatever, but
like if it's not translating to
business, and I know you mentioned
earlier, you said um link clicks, I
think you said we're up like 75%, new
messages up like 77%. Both of those
things tell me that like, you know,
you're getting actually more business
from this, but is there any other sort
of like direct business correlations
that you can share?
>> I'll find the the number for the
community for you. you can put it up
here, put it somewhere on the screen,
but I I you know, metrics are are all
are all where you want them to be. Um,
you know, it's uh it's it's it's been
exciting for sure. And also, here's an
interesting added benefit is we've been
able to hide and I think this
contributes to this because whenever I
get the number for the community, you'll
see there was a big spike in the
community in uh in December like right
dead center of of this uh experiment or
effort.
we've been able to kind of hide
promotions in all of this, right? So,
it's like I I think we were pretty
allergic to like overly promoting stuff
before this because if you're posting,
you know, a couple times a day every day
and one of those posts every day is a
promotion, people are like, "Man, would
you shut up about this thing that that
you're selling us?" you know, like and
and so we would have to, you know, kind
of be very careful about how often we're
doing a sponsored post or how often
we're promoting one of our products. And
now, like I don't it's not even I don't
even care like we there are we have like
one or two posts a day going out
promoting our, you know, I mean, our
paid newsletter that's had that growth,
that 30 whatever percent growth that's
got a dedicated content format. So,
every day we're promoting that thing.
Um, and you know, it and it's not felt
because it's one of 12. You know, it's
it's like it's such a it's it's such a
small percentage of the content that
that they're being exposed to. For the
last few years, I've been using Notion
to basically organize my entire life.
It's so much more than just a to-do list
app. It's truly a one-stop shop for
organizing any area of your life or
business. And it's not just great at
organization. It's also great at
automations as well. There's so many
complex things that you can do and build
that can happen automatically. and
instantly within notion. And now, for
the first time, they are introducing
Notion AI agents. The new Notion custom
agents will allow you to automatically
perform advanced tasks without you even
having to lift a finger. For example, I
built a notion custom agent that
automatically pulls the link to any reel
that I have posted. And then it pulls
out the text that I say or the text on
the screen in the first few seconds of
the reel. Basically, it pulls out my
hook. And then it's able to look at how
that post performed and compare it to
the hook which allows me to see which
hooks are actually working so that I can
reuse them and tweak them for future
reels. Notion is an AI powered connected
workspace for teams. Notion brings all
of your notes, docs, and projects into
one space that just works. It's
seamless, flexible, powerful, and with
AI builtin, you spend less time
switching between different apps and
tools, and more time creating great
work. Now, with Notion's custom agents,
busy work that used to take hours or,
let's be honest, didn't really get done
at all runs itself. The easiest way to
think about the difference between a
custom agent and normal AI is that
normal AI requires you as the human to
prompt it. But custom agents work for
you 24/7 behind the scenes without you
having to lift a finger. But don't just
take my word for it. Notion is used by
more than half of Fortune 500 companies
and some of the fastest growing
companies in the world, like Open AI,
the company behind Chat GPT. Try custom
agents now at notion.com/byt.
That's all lowercase notion ti
n.com/bbyt
to try custom agents today. And when you
use my link, you're supporting our show.
Again, notion.com/bbyt.
Totally makes sense. And that was
another question I was going to ask is
like what the actual percentage of posts
are that are promoting something.
Speaking of promoting, something that I
know some listeners are curious about
and something I'm just personally
curious about is as someone who does
sponsored posts, when you're doing a
like paid collaboration, a sp a
sponsorship with a brand, they don't
care how many views you're getting per
month because they only care about how
many views you're getting on that
individual like promotional post, right?
So, I'm curious like what has changed?
Has something changed? How are brands
approaching this? How are you
approaching it with brands in terms of
like sponsored posts and things like
that?
>> Yeah, so we've had one maybe two brand
deals in the middle of all of this. Um,
and in both cases the posts did gang
busters. Like it it literally it like
where the brand was like this is the
best this is the most uh people we've
we've had sent to our landing page from
a social media effort this year, you
know. So, it's like it just reinforces
that, you know, social media right now
is no longer
about, you know, you and the collective.
It's it's literally like each individual
at bat. Like, if if a piece of content
is good, Instagram isn't going to go
like, "Now, hang on, wait a minute. How
many times has he posted today? Do we
want to, you know, it's like it's like
if you make a good piece of content,
it's going to cut through. It's going to
it's going to hit." So, um, you know,
and we're very particular about the
brands we work with because we we want
to maintain that batting average. Like
we want to maintain that's too many
baseball analogies for one podcast. We
want to maintain uh that you know that
record. Uh so we uh you know so so
that's part that battle is kind of won
before it's begun. Like we don't work
with somebody if we don't think we're
going to you know nail it. Um, but but
yeah, I I have had some interesting
conversations with brands that I haven't
worked with though that have surfaced
that concern where they're say they they
take a look at our page and they see all
of the view counts and they go, "Well,
this isn't what we're interested in. we
want to, you know, and so there's a
little um education that needs to happen
where I I pull up, well, okay, well,
here's the two that we've done during
this and here's what happened and here's
what they said and here's what their
conversion rates were, you know, and and
you have to kind of have that discussion
and and some agencies and some brands,
you know, they have a quot to hit.
They're just buying impressions and and
you know, they don't want to they don't
want to make that bet. But uh for we're
very fortunate that you know we we could
spend the rest of the year with not a
single brand deal and and do just fine
because you know what we're doing over
here is for our business.
>> Yeah. Yeah. Totally makes sense. Um
speaking of like questions, complaints,
concerns, whatever. Um I'm sure people
have been listening today and they're
thinking, "Won't this annoy my
followers? Won't this make my followers
frustrated if I'm posting this often?"
So let's just start with have you
received complaints, frustrations? like
what's your unfollow rate been looking
like over the last 90 days?
>> Great question. Um and it was something
we were hyper aware of and uh pleasantly
surprised that it has not been an issue.
It's not been unfollow rates have have
you know basically held at at what they
were before. Um and I again I think it
it it goes to show that people are being
seen content that they want to like the
algorithms have just gotten that good.
It's like if somebody's really
interested in what I have to say about
freelancing, they're going to get a
bunch of my stuff and they're going to
be happy about it, you know, and the
second they're not happy about it, the
algorithm will pick up on that and stop
showing them my stuff, you know. So,
it's it's like not something that we
really have to concern ourselves with.
Um, I would say anecdotally,
uh, it's it's been interesting how when
I've been when I've encountered, uh,
folks from our community out in the
world, uh, the, you know, you know,
someone else stopped me on the street or
something or we were at the conference
and we met a bunch of people that that,
uh, follow us. Um the the the messaging
the the conversation has has been
starting here more and more recently
with hey man
>> I'm glad that you're back
taking time off. Yeah.
>> Yeah. Yeah. Like or like hey man
congratulations. Like you're really
killing it right now. Like
congratulations. And and that has been
it like like almost every interaction
I've had uh with somebody has been
something like that. Uh, which is
hilarious to me because it's like I've
been posting three times a day and and
that's and and we had conversations then
where it was like is this too much, you
know, is this is is should we should we
dial this down a bit? Uh, and meanwhile
there are people who thought I just
stopped posting for two years, you know,
and and it took this this effort to
finally like punch through the content
so that they can start seeing my stuff
again.
>> Yeah, that totally makes sense. Um,
something you mentioned earlier is
something I want to circle back to. It's
what I call upycling. And it's just this
idea of taking your outliers, your best
performers, and then reposting them 90
days from now. Uh I know that you're
just coming to the end of this first
90day sprint, but have you been doing
that already? Number one. And number
two, how much are you going to be doing
that in the future?
>> Yeah. Um yes. So everything so on my on
my Loomly I have kind of an emoji system
where if something did really well for
metrics like for follows uh and
impressions it gets a certain stamp and
gets upcycled to use Brock terminology
to uh to be posted every 90 days. And if
something did well for my business, uh,
because that might not be the same, you
know, it might have not done great
views, but I saw a spike in program
sales that and I can attribute it to
that post. If I can attribute it to that
post, it gets a different stamp and that
gets posted every 90 days, right? So
already that has uh that has begun. Um,
and you know already I I think one or
two of them have already reposted. Uh,
and then this week as we as we speak,
uh, I took the cuz we, this is
interesting, too. I'd be interested in
your thoughts on this. There was like
serious vanity metric spikes in the
first week of doing this, like the first
like 14 days that we did this, I was
like, damn. Like like I like I was like,
here we go. Like this is this is really
doing it. And then everything kind of
like leveled and and and went to what
we've been talking about where you know
I felt like oh man we're not getting a
lot of views but in the aggregate it was
working. But that first week um you know
really like it it just like shot through
like we got thousands of new followers
and you know a shitload of people
joining the program. Um, and so this
week right now, because as I'm testing,
I literally were reposting that entire
week right now to see if it happens
again or if it was some sort of I I
don't know what it what else it could
be. So So I'll have to report back and
let you know what works there, but I'd
be interested in what your intuition
says about about that phenomenon.
>> That that is interesting. My intuition
is not necessarily that it was just
higher quality of posts. Like my guess
is now maybe there was like a couple
outliers that like really went gang
busters that week, but I feel like you
would have noticed that yourself. So I
don't think that was the case. I think
it was kind of just hey suddenly you
spiked your posting and so uh the
algorithm basically had let's let's use
these oversimplified terms. Let's say
most of your followers the algorithm had
decided that they want to see 60% of
Jaime's posts. you know, like to use an
oversimplification. And so, normally, if
you're posting uh, you know, three times
a day, your followers are going to see
two out of those three posts every
single day. But now, you overnight jump
to 12. Now, it's going to see 60% of 12,
which is like, what is that? Seven or
eight of your posts. So, you're showing
up in their feed much more. And then
you're having seven or eight posts per
day that are getting seen and that are
getting a lot of engagement, that are
getting a lot of uh, you know, likes and
comments, whatever. And so that's my
guess. And then kind of the algorithm
recalibrated and it kind of figured out,
okay, hey, Jaime's followers, they
actually now they don't want to see 60%.
They want to see
>> 25%. But still 25% of of 12. I'm giving
myself hard numbers. That's what, three?
Yeah. So they're they're still seeing
more posts. They were seeing two out of
three. Now they're saying three out of
12. They're still seeing more total
posts per day. And that's why your
overall account impressions have grown.
>> I hope that math made any sense to
people listening. I I even if the math
was wrong, the spirit of of the of the
statement made sense. I But I neither of
us, I don't think, are math people. I
don't know. I I don't want to speak for
you. I'm not a math person.
>> I'm not.
>> Uh but yeah. Okay. Interesting. That
that makes sense to me. I It almost now
begs the question of when it is time uh
to add formats uh on top of what we're
doing. I wonder if we if we wait and
keep our powder dry on those formats
until we can hit this play run this play
again where it's like okay was posting
12 now is posting 18 you know uh versus
like February I post 14 March I post 16
like I wonder if there's something to
that or if that's over optimizing. It
might it might be overoptimizing, but I
I would just be curious to see what
actually happens when you do do that.
And that can be like, hey, 6 months from
now, let's have Jamie back on the show
and talk about what happened there
because I could see the argument for
jumping from 12 to 18 and experiencing a
similar jump from when you did 3 to 12.
I could also see the inching up sort of
thing where we, you know, 14 this month,
16, 18. I'd be curious to see uh like
how they differentiate, but I know that
there's no such thing as too much
posting. So, um I'm just excited to see
how this continues to grow. I am curious
though about other kinds of posting
because everything we've been talking
about so far has been feed posts. Um so,
what are you doing on stories? Are you
scheduling and batching those and
posting 300 a day or are you kind of
treating stories as like your just own
personal normal uh routine with stories?
Yeah, stories uh it have not been
getting the same treatment. Um and and
that I you know you'll have to school me
on on your stories philosophy. I don't
know if that's sacrilege on these these
hollowed uh uh Insta Hub Club grounds,
but uh stories stories have not been
getting the same treatment. they're more
kind of, you know, as it's it's a place
to kind of share uh timely insights or,
you know, if somebody DMs me something
that's that got me, you know, you know,
particularly I'm like, "Okay, I'm I'm
tired of dealing with this DM we're
going to talk about in stories, like
that's that's what stories are for me.
It's also a place for us to sell." Um,
so we, you know, we post a lot of uh
promotional content on stories that does
really well for us. Yeah, that's that's
uh exactly what I would recommend. I
mean, on the feed, it is true that more
is more. The more you post, the more you
grow, the more engagement you get. All
of your numbers are up. You are a a
perfect living example of more is more
on the feed. On stories, it's the
opposite. It's less is more. Less
stories usually equals more views, more
engagement, more retention on stories.
Um, and so the way you are using your
stories is pretty much exactly what I do
and exactly what I would recommend. Um,
so there accidentally right. Yeah,
that's it's you get to be all all the
good of being right, but you don't have
to put any work into it.
>> And then what about trial reels? Are you
doing any trial reels? Are you posting
700 a day? Have you experimented with
those?
>> So I in the early days of trial reels, I
used and abused, right? And I saw some
benefits and then I was probably one of
the first people on Instagram to get the
notification of like, hey, cut it out.
You we're limiting your we're limiting
your ability to do this. Uh, and I
haven't really been back since.
Although, uh, I do I use trial reels for
uh, um, brand deals and for promos for
my own stuff, right? So, I'll I'll, you
know, you know, don't don't tell the
brands this. This is my secret weapon.
Uh, but I will, you know, audition five
versions of of that post. Uh, and see
what works. go back, recut, throw
another three or four up there, see what
works, you know, so that when when it
comes time to post this thing, I know
beyond a shadow of a doubt that it's
good to perform well. Um, and you know,
so that's and then I do that with our
promos, too. It's the same with us,
right? Like you caught me. It's Yeah, I
I've literally I filmed uh four reels
this morning. I have another eight to
film tonight uh the rest of the day. all
promo reels for a webinar that we're
doing at the end of the month, you know,
and those are all going to go up on on
trial reels. Um, but is there I mean I
don't know like what's the this version
of trial reels like is there something
that we should be doing
>> that I mean what you're doing is I think
that's so smart. Um because you're b
you're using trial reels as they are
intended. And I think that you were
super smart for the first x number of
months as was I as was I recommending
use and abuse trial reels, right? And
then Instagram kind of slapped us all on
the wrist and was like, "All right,
everybody, chill out." Um and so I've
been experimenting with myself just
posting different content to trial
reels, kind of using your system for
posting 12 times a day, but doing that
with trial reels. But I love the idea es
especially for brand deals, especially
for promotional posts where, hey, these
are posts that you really want to do
well. If a normal post goes viral, yay,
great. I got some good vanity metrics,
likes, maybe I got a boost of followers.
But I I think everyone would agree that
if you could choose any post to really
do well, it would be the posts that are
for your business, that are driving
leads, that are driving customers, or
that are driving, you know, signups for
a brand that you're partnering with. So,
I think that's a super super smart idea.
And the the limit of how many trial
rules you can post per day varies
account by account, but it seems like
the low-end limit is five. So, what I
usually tell people is post no more, no
less than five a day. Um, but it sounds
like what you're doing is is a really
great idea. Um, and just a great way to,
you know, use them as they were intended
and actually get results from them and
have good data to go off of.
>> Yeah. Yeah. I mean, I write like
similarly in the same way that we're
saying that we can hide promos in 12
posts a day, we can kind of hide hide
like bad posts in 12 posts a day, too.
So, it's like almost like my feed posts
are basically trial reels, you know.
It's like, you know, where, you know,
and and when when something does well,
we do more of that. When something does
terribly, we do less of that, you know.
Um, but yeah, I mean, I think I' I'd
probably be most interested in figuring
out uh trial reels from the angle of of
new followers, of reaching folks that,
you know, because I do feel like there's
a and this might be totally,
you know, qualitative anecdotal data
like this. I mean, the numbers obviously
are are saying the opposite, but I do
feel like we have, you know, the analogy
I've been using is it's it's it's a
hotel and we we've been standing in this
one conference room full of pe of people
and in the course of four years, we've
gotten them all to follow us, but now
that conference room is empty and so now
it's time to walk into another
conference room and get all of them to
follow us and figure out what attracts
them and what's how how to meet them
where they are, how to how to tweak our
messaging so it makes more sense for
them. And I think that there's an
opportunity there with trial reels that
we're not exploiting because like by
nature it's only going out to
non-followers, right?
So I I like figuring that piece of it
out is probably a big question mark for
me that that needs to be solved this
year. Uh because it does seem like
there's that's that's the like trial
it's a it's a potent tool. Uh and it
feels like I'm not using it to the best
of its ability quite yet. Totally makes
sense. And I love what you were saying
about kind of, hey, my feed, if I'm
posting 12 times a day, kind of is a
trial reel. And that's I posted a thread
about this recently and it it performed
well and people were kind of having a
lot of light bulb moments where I was
like, hey, the great thing about a bad
post is that nobody sees it. So, it's
kind of like it'd be like, again, we're
using so many baseball analogies today.
It it'd be like, hey, if you if every
time you struck out, all of the crowd
looked away and there was only a couple
people looking, but when you hit a home
run or when you got a base hit, there
were more people looking, more people
watching. And so, it's even like less
bad to strike out. Like, if I was
thinking about this earlier, there's no
such thing as a good post that doesn't
get a lot of views and vice versa.
There's no such thing as a bad post that
does get views. So, either it's gonna
perform bad, but hey, no one saw it,
>> or it's gonna perform great, yay, it's
it's a good post, and people are seeing
it. So,
>> anyways, Jamie, I I really I appreciate
all your your insights today. I love
that you've been doing this experiment.
It's inspiring for for me, and I hope
it's inspiring for everyone listening.
Final words, anything any
recommendations to all of our listeners
today?
I would say um I mean along the same
lines of what you were just saying is is
uh nobody's watching.
Nobody's wa like I I literally I have
you know over across social media over
850,000 followers and I guarantee you if
we pulled all of them right now on what
my post this morning was about they
wouldn't be able to tell you. Even if
they watched it, even if they watched it
twice, I gu I bet that they still
wouldn't be able to tell you because
it's about what that that moment where
they, you know, consumed that piece of
content and then they moved on to the
next 700 pieces of content. So, um, you
know, there's never a case where that's
not true. Like, nobody's paying
attention, right? So, just do the just
have some fun with it. Like, figure out
what works. And it's one giant game of
data collection. Uh, you know, and it's
it's it's it truly is that simple. Like
if you know if if you do something and
the data gives you a big thumbs up, do
more of that thing. If you do something
and you get no response from the data,
do less of that thing, you know, and and
just keep it keep it there. Don't don't
try to over complicate it anymore any
more than that. Thank you so much for
listening today. We actually didn't talk
about it at all in our conversation, but
Jamie is an expert in helping
freelancers grow their businesses on
social media and really just grow their
businesses in general. So, if you want
to check out Jamie, if you want to
follow him, or if you want to just take
a look at some of what his repeatable
formats look like, you can check him out
by clicking the link down below. I also
put the link to his free newsletter in
the show notes. And again, thank you so
much for listening today and as always,
happy networking.